"Little minds have little worries, big minds have no time for worries." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
"What kills the creative force is not age or lack of talent, but our own spirit, our own attitude." — Robert Greene
"It is better to light a single candle than to curse the darkness." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you focus on results and finding shortcuts, you'll get impatient. If you focus on the process and doing the right thing, you'll be unstoppable." — Maxime Lagace
"Leaders think and talk about solutions. Followers think and talk about the problems." — Brian Tracy
"What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve." — Norman Vincent Peale
"Too many requests. Obtain an auth key for unlimited access." — zenquotes.io
"Too many requests. Obtain an auth key for unlimited access." — zenquotes.io
"Too many requests. Obtain an auth key for unlimited access." — zenquotes.io
"Too many requests. Obtain an auth key for unlimited access." — zenquotes.io
"Too many requests. Obtain an auth key for unlimited access." — zenquotes.io

===== 2025-07-28 =====
"Eighty percent of success is showing up. " — Woody Allen
"Selfishness and greed, individual or national, cause most of our troubles." — Harry S. Truman
"Silence is sometimes the best answer." — Dalai Lama
"Quality is more important than quantity. One home run is much better than two doubles." — Steve Jobs
"Life is not always a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well. " — Jack London
"There are no differences but differences of degree between different degrees of difference and no difference." — William James
"Failing is another stepping stone to greatness." — Oprah Winfrey
"Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday." — Brian Tracy
"The time is always right to do what is right." — Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Make peace within, and there will be no one who can overcome you. And no one you will wish to overcome." — Dan Millman
"When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself" — Wayne Dyer

===== 2025-07-29 =====
"It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop." — Confucius
"Every day may not be good, but there's something good in every day." — Unknown
"Nothing important is learned; it is simply remembered." — Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens." — J.R.R. Tolkien
"None but ourselves can free our minds." — Bob Marley
"Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working." — Pablo Picasso
"Poetry is written with tears, fiction with blood, and history with invisible ink." — Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"You will succeed because most people are lazy." — Shahir Zag
"Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life." — Robin Sharma
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." — Jim Rohn
"Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. " — Wayne Dyer
"Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable." — Coco Chanel
"We are all self-made, but only the successful will admit it." — Earl Nightingale
"People tend to complicate their own lives, as if living weren't already complicated enough." — Carlos Ruiz Zafon

===== 2025-07-30 =====
"Success is going from failure to failure without losing your enthusiasm" — Winston Churchill
"Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying." — Roy T. Bennett
"Rather than waste time and energy worrying, use that time and energy to constructively deal with whatever is causing the worry." — Celestine Chua
"Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work." — Gustave Flaubert
"Whoever is happy will make others happy too." — Anne Frank
"Lack of emotion causes lack of progress and lack of motivation." — Tony Robbins
"If you practiced for the day, then you have won. If you were lazy for the day, then you have lost." — Ming-Dao Deng
"All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them." — Walt Disney
"Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on." — Les Brown
"Why change? Everyone has his own style. When you have found it, you should stick to it." — Audrey Hepburn
"You are always your own best guru, your own best teacher, the answers are always inside you." — Sathya Sai Baba
"It takes half your life before you discover life is a do-it-yourself project." — Napoleon Hill
"Every blessing ignored becomes a curse." — Paulo Coelho
"If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants." — Isaac Newton
"When obstacles arise, you change your direction to reach your goal; you do not change your decision to get there." — Zig Ziglar
"Trust is the glue that holds people together and is the lubricant that keeps an organization moving forward." — Colin Powell

===== 2025-07-31 =====
"When you repeat a mistake, it is not a mistake anymore: it is a decision." — Paulo Coelho
"I believe that one of life's greatest risks is never daring to risk." — Oprah Winfrey
"Against the assault of laughter nothing can stand." — Mark Twain
"Sometimes you have to travel a long way to find what is near." — Paulo Coelho
"We build too many walls and not enough bridges." — Isaac Newton
"The seasons do not push one another; neither do clouds race the wind across the sky. All things happen in their own good time." — Dan Millman
"Never let your memories be greater than your dreams." — Doug Ivester
"Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it's all an experience." — Roy T. Bennett
"Courage is the willingness to engage in a risk-taking behavior regardless of whether the consequences are unknown or possibly adverse." — Alfred Adler
"Projecting your mind into a successful situation is the most powerful means to achieve goals.  " — Estee Lauder
"Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.  " — Seneca
"Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun." — Alan Watts
"You can't tell big dreams to small minded people." — Steve Harvey
"Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all, other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you." — Jeffrey Gitomer
"The wise warrior avoids the battle." — Sun Tzu
"When you're the only sane person, you look like the only insane person." — Criss Jami
"Whatever you do,strive to do it so well that no man living and no man dead and no man yet to be born could do it any better." — Benjamin Mays
"If you only knew the magnificence of the 3, 6, and 9, then you would have a key to the universe." — Nikola Tesla
"In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order." — Carl Jung
"The joy of life comes from our encounters with new experiences." — Christopher McCandless
"What do we live for if not to make life less difficult for each other?" — T.S. Eliot

===== 2025-08-01 =====
"To be alive - is Power." — Emily Dickinson
"All animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it." — Samuel Butler
"Do not regret the past. Look to the future." — Soyen Shaku
"I'm an optimist by choice not by stupidity." — Yanni
"Routine life is unbearable, and most people only think about how to escape into the world of fantasy and dreams." — Robert Greene
"Don't try to steer the river." — Deepak Chopra
"The primary point of this existence is to live, and all living things move and grow." — Ming-Dao Deng
"Stuff your eyes with wonder... live as if you'd drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It's more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories." — Ray Bradbury
"Some people are old at 18 and some are young at 90. Time is a concept that humans created." — Yoko Ono
"If there is a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it." — Toni Morrison
"He who knows how to wait need make no concessions." — Sigmund Freud

===== 2025-08-02 =====
"Reading should be a pleasure, not a chore." — Joan Rivers
"Life belongs to the living, and he who lives must be prepared for changes." — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing." — Morihei Ueshiba
"Once you learn to quit, it becomes a habit." — Vince Lombardi
"Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself." — Richard Bach
"Be brave enough to suck at something new." — Unknown
"What are we doing here, that is the question." — Samuel Beckett
"Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die." — Herbert Hoover
"The greatest doer must also be a great dreamer." — Theodore Roosevelt
"Opportunity comes when you continually push forward." — Sonia Ricotti
"Rest and be kind, you don't have to prove anything." — Jack Kerouac
"You get in life what you have the courage to ask for." — Oprah Winfrey
"Maybe you are searching among the branches, for what only appears in the roots." — Rumi

===== 2025-08-03 =====
"Don't live the same year 75 times and call it a life." — Robin Sharma
"Leadership is solving problems" — Colin Powell
"The Truth is realized in an instant; the Act is practiced step by step." — Seungsahn
"If you hang out with chickens, you're going to cluck and if you hang out with eagles, you're going to fly." — Steve Maraboli
"All problems are illusions of the mind." — Eckhart Tolle
"Allow motion to equal emotion." — Elbert Hubbard
"Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently." — Henry Ford
"Your neighbor is the man who needs you." — Elbert Hubbard
"Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune or temporary defeat." — Napoleon Hill
"You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal." — Zig Ziglar
"Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart." — Lolly Daskal
"All animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it." — Samuel Butler
"Everything starts with a dream. A particle of our imagination that teases us of what the future could be like, as long as we fight for it." — Gurbaksh Chahal
"Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes." — Roy T. Bennett
"It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top." — Henry Ward Beecher
"The important thing is not what one is born with but what use one makes of that equipment." — Alfred Adler
"As soon as you truly commit to making something happen, the 'how' will reveal itself." — Tony Robbins
"Self-knowledge is the beginning of self-correction." — Norman Vincent Peale
"A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes." — Mark Twain
"Find the game where you can win, and then commit your life to playing it; and play to win." — Robert Kiyosaki
"If you don't read the newspaper, you're uninformed. If you read the newspaper, you're misinformed." — Mark Twain
"No experience is a cause of success or failure. We do not suffer from the shock of our experiences, so-called trauma - but we make out of them just what suits our purposes." — Alfred Adler
"A pessimist is one who makes difficulties of his opportunities and an optimist is one who makes opportunities of his difficulties." — Harry S. Truman
"Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey." — Roy T. Bennett
"When angry count to ten before you speak. If very angry, count to one hundred." — Thomas Jefferson

===== 2025-08-04 =====
"Happiness is only real, when shared." — Christopher McCandless
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." — Dale Carnegie
"You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame." — Alexander Pope
"Motivation gets you going and habit gets you there.  " — Zig Ziglar
"I would rather be a little nobody, then to be an evil somebody." — Abraham Lincoln
"From morning till night, we should never rely on a single thing." — Huang Po
"The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others." — Mahatma Gandhi
"Do not ignore your gift. Your gift is the thing you do the absolute best with the least amount of effort." — Steve Harvey

===== 2025-08-05 =====
"Just do the best you can. No one can do more than that." — John Wooden
"Heaven is right where you are standing." — Morihei Ueshiba
"If you are unable to find the truth right where you are, where else do you expect to find it?" — Dogen
"If you chase two rabbits, you catch none." — Confucius
"Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through." — Jonathan Swift
"The mirror is a worthless invention. The only way to truly see yourself is in the reflection of someone elses. eyes." — Voltaire
"Best be yourself, imperial, plain, and true." — Robert Browning
"My guiding principle is this: Guilt is never to be doubted. " — Franz Kafka
"Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. " — W. Clement Stone

===== 2025-08-06 =====
"Being a good example is the best form of service." — Sathya Sai Baba
"Every limit is a beginning as well as an ending." — George Eliot
"Do not ignore the passion that burns in you. Spend time to discover your gift." — Steve Harvey
"He will win who knows when to fight and when not to fight." — Sun Tzu
"Everything has its beauty, but not everyone sees it. " — Confucius
"Whatever your mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve." — Napoleon Hill
"None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free." — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one." — Elbert Hubbard
"Everything flows, nothing stands still." — Heraclitus
"No matter who you are, we're creatures of habit. The better your habits are, the better they will be in pressure situations." — Wayne Gretzky
"When you rise in the morning, form a resolution to make the day a happy one for a fellow creature." — Sydney Smith

===== 2025-08-07 =====
"Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success." — Robert Kiyosaki
"Hope is a waking dream." — Aristotle
"You will have bad times, but they will always wake you up to the stuff you weren't paying attention to." — Robin Williams
"Misfortune shows those who are not really friends." — Aristotle
"Life should be touched, not strangled.  " — Ray Bradbury
"Behind every cloud is another cloud." — Judy Garland
"What the mind can conceive and believe, and the heart desire, you can achieve." — Norman Vincent Peale
"If they wrote it to make money, don't read it." — Naval Ravikant
"Constantly seek criticism. A well thought out critique of whatever you're doing is as valuable as gold." — Elon Musk
"Sometimes, the only way to evolve is to open ourselves fully." — Kamal Ravikant
"If you get up one more time than you fall, you will make it through." — Chinese Proverb
"The people who succeed are irrationally passionate about something." — Naval Ravikant
"Behind every beautiful thing, there's some kind of pain." — Bob Dylan
"A man is not called wise because he talks and talks again; but if he is peaceful, loving and fearless then he is in truth called wise. " — Buddha
"There is a wisdom of the head, and there is a wisdom of the heart." — Charles Dickens

===== 2025-08-08 =====
"The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away." — Pablo Picasso
"You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible." — Les Brown
"To lead an orchestra, you must turn your back on the crowd." — Aristotle
"What's the point in being smart enough to read, if everything you read makes you dumb?" — C. Sean McGee
"The least deviation from truth will be multiplied later." — Aristotle
"All you need is passion. If you have a passion for something, you'll create the talent." — Yanni
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." — Henry Ford
"The friendship that can cease has never been real. " — St. Jerome
"If there were no God, there would be no atheists." — Gilbert Chesterton
"You will not do incredible things without an incredible dream." — John Eliot
"Progress lies not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be." — Kahlil Gibran
"If you want to change how you see your problems, you have to change what you value and/or how you measure failure/success." — Mark Manson
"Don't listen to the person who has the answers; listen to the person who has the questions." — Albert Einstein
"To be calm is the highest achievement of the self." — Zen Proverb
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." — Dalai Lama
"When you change what you believe, you change what you do." — Spencer Johnson
"Art is to console those who are broken by life." — Vincent van Gogh
"Don't let making a living prevent you from making a life." — John Wooden
"Sometimes you will never know the value of something, until it becomes a memory." — Dr. Seuss
"Confidence is not a guarantee of success, but a pattern of thinking that will improve your likelihood of success, a tenacious search for ways to make things work." — John Eliot

===== 2025-08-09 =====
"The real meditation is how you live your life." — Jon Kabat-Zinn
"You do not read a book for the book's sake, but for your own." — Earl Nightingale
"There is nothing quite so tragic as a young cynic." — Maya Angelou
"To get angry is like to revenge yourself for the guilt of others." — Jonathan Swift
"Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity." — Herbert Hoover
"If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return." — Deepak Chopra
"Where the willingness is great, the difficulties cannot be great." — Niccolo Machiavelli
"If you don't break your ropes while you're alive, do you think ghosts will do it after?" — Kabir
"A man with outward courage dares to die: a man with inner courage dares to live." — Lao Tzu
"If you cling to a certain thought with dynamic will power, it finally assumes a tangible outward form." — Paramahansa Yogananda
"It is useless to meet revenge with revenge; it will heal nothing." — J.R.R. Tolkien
"Freedom itself demands discomfort." — Mark Manson
"We're kept from our goal not by obstacles, but by a clear path to a lesser goal." — Bhagavad Gita
"To do two things at once is to do neither." — Publilius Syrus
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak. Courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen." — Winston Churchill
"Thinking is difficult, that's why most people judge." — Carl Jung
"Fiction is the truth inside the lie." — Stephen King
"The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything." — Theodore Roosevelt
"You're never too old for anything." — Betty White
"You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts." — Kahlil Gibran
"Walk with those seeking truth... RUN FROM THOSE WHO THINK THEY'VE FOUND IT." — Deepak Chopra
"Old age is like everything else. To make a success of it, you've got to start young." — Theodore Roosevelt
"Would you rather learn to deal with the truth now than be forced to do so later on?" — Celestine Chua

===== 2025-08-10 =====
"When you make a choice, you change the future." — Deepak Chopra
"Walk towards the sunshine, and the shadows will fall behind you." — Mary Engelbreit
"Be brave. Take risks. Nothing can substitute experience." — Paulo Coelho
"Having an open mind is one of the most important qualities we can possess. Once our minds close, we stop evolving." — Yanni
"Do not use life to give life to death. Do not use death to bring death to life." — Zhuangzi
"Life is like a beautiful melody, only the lyrics are messed up." — Hans Christian Andersen
"As a matter of fact is an expression that precedes many an expression that isn't." — Laurence J. Peter
"The impossible can always be broken down into possibilities." — Unknown
"You may think I'm small, but I have a universe inside my mind." — Yoko Ono
"Do not use life to give life to death. Do not use death to bring death to life." — Zhuangzi
"The future depends on what you do today. " — Mahatma Gandhi
"The more you are focused on time - past and future - the more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is." — Eckhart Tolle
"Life's too mysterious to take too serious." — Mary Engelbreit
"Instead of thinking about what you are going to do when you retire, think about how you can do that now and make a living from it." — Celestine Chua
"In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." — Abraham Lincoln
"Conflict cannot survive without your participation. " — Wayne Dyer
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Little by little, one travels far." — J.R.R. Tolkien
"Love is the absence of judgment." — Dalai Lama
"Others can stop you temporarily - you are the only one who can do it permanently." — Zig Ziglar
"The universe doesn't give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions." — Steve Maraboli
"We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey." — Kenji Miyazawa

===== 2025-08-11 =====
"You can't let your failures define you. You have to let your failures teach you." — Barack Obama
"Dreams are the touchstones of our characters." — Henry David Thoreau
"Formal education will make you a living, self-education will make you a fortune." — Jim Rohn
"You need a plan to build a house. To build a life, it is even more important to have a plan or goal." — Zig Ziglar
"Hope is a waking dream." — Aristotle
"If you don't make things happen then things will happen to you." — Robert Collier
"Trust is the foundation of great leadership." — Lolly Daskal
"The first step toward getting somewhere is to decide that you are not going to stay where you are." — Unknown
"Strategy is a commodity, execution is an art." — Peter Drucker
"Admire as much as you can. Most people do not admire enough." — Vincent van Gogh
"My mind seems to have become a kind of machine for grinding general laws out of large collections of facts." — Charles Darwin

===== 2025-08-12 =====
"No matter how smart we may think we are, no matter how committed we are to our truth, we can lose our way." — Kamal Ravikant
"It's very important to like the people you work with, otherwise life and your job is gonna be quite miserable." — Elon Musk
"Just get out and do it. You will be very, very glad that you did." — Christopher McCandless
"The power of man has grown in every sphere, except over himself." — Winston Churchill
"Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace." — Amelia Earhart
"You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, expect to win." — Arnold Schwarzenegger
"No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness." — Aristotle

===== 2025-08-13 =====
"You cannot teach a crab to walk straight." — Aristophanes
"If you let your head get too big, it'll break your neck." — Elvis Presley
"Where focus goes, energy flows." — Tony Robbins
"If they wrote it to make money, don't read it." — Naval Ravikant
"There is no significance in life without struggle." — Lolly Daskal
"A man who dares to waste one hour of time has not discovered the value of life." — Charles Darwin
"Stop being a prisoner of your past. Become the architect of your future." — Robin Sharma
"Do not ignore the passion that burns in you. Spend time to discover your gift." — Steve Harvey
"Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge." — Plato
"Nothing can survive without food. Everything we consume acts either to heal us or to poison us." — Thich Nhat Hanh
"Faults are yours to fix, not to curse." — Colin Powell
"Truth will always be truth, regardless of lack of understanding, disbelief or ignorance. " — W. Clement Stone
"Treat everyone with politeness and kindness, not because they are nice, but because you are." — Roy T. Bennett
"High thoughts must have high language." — Aristophanes
"The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination." — Elbert Hubbard
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." — Robert F. Kennedy
"Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create." — Roy T. Bennett
"Love is the expression of one's values." — Ayn Rand
"Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances. " — Herodotus
"Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence." — Aristotle

===== 2025-08-14 =====
"A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality." — Yoko Ono
"He who knows best knows how little he knows." — Thomas Jefferson
"Don't be afraid to see what you see." — Ronald Reagan
"The danger of an adventure is worth a thousand days of ease and comfort." — Paulo Coelho
"Always try to be a little kinder than necessary." — James Matthew Barrie
"The soul should always stand ajar, ready to welcome the ecstatic experience." — Emily Dickinson
"You will succeed because most people are lazy." — Shahir Zag
"If you've made a mistake, it's better just to laugh at it." — Zen Proverb
"Everyone sees what you appear to be, few experience what you really are." — Niccolo Machiavelli
"Give so much away people insist on paying you." — Jack Butcher
"Create each day anew." — Morihei Ueshiba
"Humor isn't for everyone. It's only for people who want to have fun, enjoy life, and feel alive." — Anne Wilson Schaef
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." — Buddha
"Do all things with love." — Og Mandino
"Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive." — Elbert Hubbard
"Thinking is a habit, and like any other habit, it can be changed; it just takes effort and repetition." — John Eliot
"Sometimes you have to lose all you have to find out who you truly are." — Roy T. Bennett
"Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it." — Henry Ford
"If you want to be sad, no one in the world can make you happy. But if you make up your mind to be happy, no one and nothing on earth can take that happiness from you." — Paramahansa Yogananda
"There is no absolute success in the world, only constant progress." — Jonathan Swift
"Winners are not afraid of losing. But losers are. Failure is part of the process of success. People who avoid failure also avoid success." — Robert Kiyosaki

===== 2025-08-15 =====
"I believe that potential is unlimited - success depends on daring to act on dreams.   " — Estee Lauder
"Enlightenment is intimacy with all things." — Dogen
"Life is from the inside out. When you shift on the inside, life shifts on the outside." — Kamal Ravikant
"When you are tempted to give up, your breakthrough is probably just around the corner." — Joyce Meyer
"It's easy to be a critic, but being a doer requires effort, risk, and change.  " — Wayne Dyer
"To judge a man by his weakest link or deed is like judging the power of the ocean by one wave." — Elvis Presley
"Poetry is written with tears, fiction with blood, and history with invisible ink." — Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"When you are totally at peace with yourself, nothing can shake you." — Deepam Chaterjee
"The friendship that can cease has never been real. " — St. Jerome
"Being wrong brings the opportunity for growth." — Mark Manson
"You cannot teach a crab to walk straight." — Aristophanes
"The mirror is a worthless invention. The only way to truly see yourself is in the reflection of someone elses. eyes." — Voltaire
"Be thankful for everything that happens in your life; it's all an experience." — Roy T. Bennett

===== 2025-08-16 =====
"Remember we're all in this alone." — Lily Tomlin
"The majority of what you want will come from the minority of what you do." — Gary Keller
"You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts." — Kahlil Gibran
"It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top." — Henry Ward Beecher
"You do not read a book for the book's sake, but for your own." — Earl Nightingale
"A thing must be loved before it is lovable." — Gilbert Chesterton
"Decide what your truth is. Then live it." — Kamal Ravikant
"Problems remain as problems because people are busy defending them rather than finding solutions." — Celestine Chua
"Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working." — Pablo Picasso
"Don't let them drag you down by rumors. Just go with what you believe in." — Michael Jordan
"Concentrated power has always been the enemy of liberty." — Ronald Reagan
"There is a difference between giving directions and giving direction." — Simon Sinek
"Hope and fear come from feeling that we lack something; they come from a sense of poverty." — Pema Chodron
"Life is like underwear, should be changed twice a day.  " — Ray Bradbury
"Many have died; you also will die. The drum of death is being beaten. The world has fallen in love with a dream. Only sayings of the wise will remain." — Kabir
"Spend eighty percent of your time focusing on the opportunities of tomorrow rather than the problems of yesterday." — Brian Tracy
"If I love myself I love you. If I love you I love myself." — Rumi
"I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure." — John D. Rockefeller
"Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadows." — Helen Keller
"Either you run the day or the day runs you." — Jim Rohn
"The more you are focused on time - past and future - the more you miss the Now, the most precious thing there is." — Eckhart Tolle

===== 2025-08-17 =====
"Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body.  " — Seneca
"Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun." — Alan Watts
"The man who does not value himself, cannot value anything or anyone." — Ayn Rand
"I don't walk away from things that I think are unfinished." — Arnold Schwarzenegger
"The harder you work, the harder it is to surrender." — Vince Lombardi
"Actions are the seeds of fate. Deeds grow into destiny." — Harry S. Truman
"Magic is believing in yourself, if you can do that, you can make anything happen." — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power." — Tony Robbins
"Anger, ego, jealousy are the biggest diseases,Keep yourself aloof from these three diseases." — Sathya Sai Baba
"Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude towards us." — Earl Nightingale
"For things to change, you have to change." — Jim Rohn
"Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake." — Henry David Thoreau
"Darkness is the absence of light." — Kamal Ravikant
"Logic is like the sword - those who appeal to it shall perish by it." — Samuel Butler
"By the practice of meditation, you will find that you are carrying within your heart a portable paradise." — Paramahansa Yogananda
"To become what you are not, behave as you do not." — T.S. Eliot
"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others." — Ayn Rand
"The goal is not to show how great you are to others, but how vulnerable you are to yourself." — Maxime Lagace
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation." — Herman Melville
"It's necessary to get the losers out of your life if you want to live your dream." — Les Brown
"I dream my painting and I paint my dream." — Vincent van Gogh
"Pain doesn't last. And when it's gone, we have something to show for it. Growth." — Kamal Ravikant
"The more people you help become successful the more successful you become." — Steve Harvey

===== 2025-08-18 =====
"I can live without money, but I cannot live without love." — Judy Garland
"Every moment of happiness requires a great amount of Ignorance" — Honore de Balzac
"Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored." — Earl Nightingale
"It is far easier to start something than it is to finish it." — Amelia Earhart
"Help others for all the times that you have been ignored. Be kind to others, for all the times that you have been scorned." — Ming-Dao Deng
"There are no uninteresting things, only uninterested people." — Gilbert Chesterton
"Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted. " — Denis Waitley
"You can only lose something that you have, but you cannot lose something that you are." — Eckhart Tolle
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." — Albert Einstein
"If the happiness and prosperity of other people depend on you, you have nothing to fear anymore." — Robert Greene
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." — Robert F. Kennedy
"Fear of death is fear of the Unknown." — Adi Da Samraj
"Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming." — John Wooden
"Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light." — Helen Keller
"It takes a very long time to become young." — Pablo Picasso
"A fall into a ditch makes you wiser." — Chinese Proverb
"When you stop questioning, you stop learning." — Lolly Daskal
"Success is the progressive realization of a worthy goal or ideal." — Earl Nightingale
"Till it has loved, no man or woman can become itself." — Emily Dickinson
"Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit." — Conrad Hilton
"Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much." — Helen Keller
"The human mind defines things in relation to one another - without light the notion of darkness would be unintelligible." — Josh Waitzkin

===== 2025-08-19 =====
"The ego wants comfort and certainty. The soul wants to live fully." — Maxime Lagace
"That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well." — Abraham Lincoln
"Don't want anything. Then you get everything." — Seungsahn
"Nothing that results in human progress is achieved with unanimous consent." — Christopher Columbus
"Pleasure can be supported by an illusion; but happiness rests upon truth. " — Nicolas Chamfort
"The question is not what you look at, but what you see." — Henry David Thoreau
"Man must use what he has, not hope for what is not." — G.I. Gurdjieff
"Sometimes you will never know the value of something, until it becomes a memory." — Dr. Seuss

===== 2025-08-20 =====
"There exists only the present instant; a Now which always and without end is itself new." — Meister Eckhart
"The divine is not something high above us. It is in heaven, it is in earth, it is inside us." — Morihei Ueshiba
"A man is great not because he hasn't failed; a man is great because failure hasn't stopped him." — Confucius
"Where there is anger, there is always pain underneath." — Eckhart Tolle
"Public opinion is the worst of all opinions." — Nicolas Chamfort
"Incredible change happens in your life when you decide to take control of what you do have power over instead of craving control over what you don't." — Steve Maraboli
"Whatever satisfies the soul is truth." — Walt Whitman
"If no one ever broke the rules, then we'd never advance." — Simon Sinek
"Humans and prosperity never endure side by side for long." — Herodotus
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom." — Aristotle
"The secret of happiness is not in doing what you like but in liking what you have to do." — Sathya Sai Baba
"If you don't make things happen then things will happen to you." — Robert Collier
"Nourish the mind like you would your body. The mind cannot survive on junk food." — Brian Tracy
"The road to success is always under construction.." — Lily Tomlin
"I love fools' experiments. I am always making them." — Charles Darwin

===== 2025-08-21 =====
"Anything worth doing is worth doing slowly." — Mae West
"Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful." — Roy T. Bennett
"A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others." — Ayn Rand
"Knowledge isn't power until it is applied." — Dale Carnegie
"If life is a video game, the graphics are great, but the plot is confusing and the tutorial is way too long." — Elon Musk
"The more you are motivated by Love, The more Fearless & Free your action will be." — Dalai Lama
"Our life isn't how much we can take out, but how much we can put in.  " — Estee Lauder
"Supreme excellence consists of breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting." — Sun Tzu
"I learned the value of hard work by working hard. " — Margaret Mead
"If you go out looking for friends, you're going to find they are very scarce. If you go out to be a friend, you'll find them everywhere." — Zig Ziglar
"The divine is not something high above us. It is in heaven, it is in earth, it is inside us." — Morihei Ueshiba
"Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude." — Colin Powell
"Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular." — Tony Robbins
"We are always complaining that our days are few, and acting as though there would be no end of them.  " — Seneca
"Be the silent watcher of your thoughts and behavior. You are beneath the thinker." — Eckhart Tolle
"Real loss is only possible when you love something more than you love yourself." — Robin Williams
"My actions are my only true belongings. I cannot escape the consequences of my actions. My actions are the ground upon which I stand." — Thich Nhat Hanh
"Winners are not people who never fail, but people who never quit." — Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Positive thinking can be contagious. Being surrounded by winners helps you develop into a winner." — Arnold Schwarzenegger

===== 2025-08-22 =====
"You may be one person in this world, but to one person you may mean the world." — Unknown
"We don't stumble accidentally into an amazing life. It takes decision, a commitment to consistently work on ourselves." — Kamal Ravikant
"Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless." — Gilbert Chesterton
"We win by helping each other win." — Jack Butcher
"Whether you think you can or think you can't – you are right." — Henry Ford
"Men trust their ears less than their eyes." — Herodotus
"Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years." — Richard Bach
"Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not" — Pablo Picasso
"Genius, in truth, means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way." — William James
"Dreams are the touchstones of our characters." — Henry David Thoreau
"The two most powerful warriors are patience and time." — Leo Tolstoy

===== 2025-08-23 =====
"Go for it now. The future is promised to no one." — Wayne Dyer
"People inspire you, or they drain you. Pick them wisely." — Les Brown
"Feelings come and go like clouds in a windy sky. Conscious breathing is my anchor." — Thich Nhat Hanh
"Sometimes success isn't about making the right decision, it's more about making some decision." — Robin Sharma
"We are all different. Don't judge, understand instead." — Roy T. Bennett
"Only when I fall do I get up again." — Vincent van Gogh
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive." — Dalai Lama
"If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. " — Bruce Lee

===== 2025-08-24 =====
"Until you make the unconscious conscious, it will direct your life and you will call it fate." — Carl Jung
"Don't let someone elses. opinion become your reality." — Les Brown
"When you want something in life, you just gotta reach out and grab it." — Christopher McCandless
"The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." — Bruce Lee
"Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace." — Amelia Earhart
"If you practiced for the day, then you have won. If you were lazy for the day, then you have lost." — Ming-Dao Deng
"Time is a game played beautifully by children." — Heraclitus
"Peace of mind is that mental condition in which you have accepted the worst." — Lin Yutang
"Inner peace is when you realize that, in the end, nothing matters." — Maxime Lagace
"Confidence breeds beauty.  " — Estee Lauder
"Don't let the noise of others opinions drown out your inner voice." — Steve Jobs
"Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free." — Stephen King
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." — Albert Einstein
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." — Colin R. Davis
"I will not walk backward in life." — J.R.R. Tolkien
"When at last you are come to the ocean of happiness, do not go back thirsty." — Kabir
"It is often safer to be in chains than to be free. " — Franz Kafka
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up. " — Babe Ruth
"I can think of nothing less pleasurable than a life devoted to pleasure." — John D. Rockefeller
"The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me." — Ayn Rand
"Bad things are not the worst things that an happen to us. NOTHING is the worst thing that can happen to us." — Richard Bach

===== 2025-08-25 =====
"A wise man will be master of his mind, a fool will be its slave." — Publilius Syrus
"Turn your wounds into wisdom. " — Oprah Winfrey
"Love yourself with the same intensity you would use to pull yourself up if you were hanging off a cliff." — Kamal Ravikant
"Keep true. Never be ashamed of doing right. Decide what you think is right and stick to it." — George Eliot
"Before you can see the Light, you have to deal with the darkness." — Dan Millman
"Be confident, not certain." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"Life is a series of choices and all we can do is make them." — Kamal Ravikant
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." — Robert Frost
"Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not" — Pablo Picasso
"You already have every characteristic necessary for success if you recognize, claim, develop and use them." — Zig Ziglar
"Failure is acceptable. Not trying is a whole different ball park." — Michael Jordan
"People are not disturbed by things, but by the views they take of them." — Epictetus
"Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized." — Osho
"Dreams are the royal road to the unconscious. " — Sigmund Freud
"Allow motion to equal emotion." — Elbert Hubbard
"Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs. " — Henry Ford

===== 2025-08-26 =====
"The most important thing in communication is to hear what isn't being said." — Peter Drucker
"If you truly love Nature, you will find beauty everywhere. " — Vincent van Gogh
"Everything that is made beautiful and fair and lovely is made for the eye of one who sees." — Rumi
"A moving door hinge never corrodes. Flowing water never grows stagnant." — Ming-Dao Deng
"To earn more you must learn more." — Brian Tracy
"One always begins to forgive a place as soon as it's left behind." — Charles Dickens
"Don't waste your energy on being angry at something that somebody did six months ago or a year ago. It's over." — Joan Rivers
"The unthankful heart discovers no mercies; but the thankful heart will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings." — Henry Ward Beecher
"Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude." — Roy T. Bennett
"Don't look for meaning in the words. Listen to the silences." — Samuel Beckett
"Life is essentially an endless series of problems. The solution to one problem is merely the creation of another." — Mark Manson
"From morning till night, we should never rely on a single thing." — Huang Po
"Most people fail in life because they major in minor things." — Tony Robbins
"I would rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I'm not.  " — Wayne Dyer

===== 2025-08-27 =====
"The fastest way to change is to laugh at your own folly." — Spencer Johnson
"Before anything else, preparation is the key to success." — Alexander Graham Bell
"Growth comes at the point of resistance." — Josh Waitzkin
"In a world that is constantly changing, it is to our advantage to learn how to adapt and enjoy something better." — Spencer Johnson
"Death is not an ending. It is a transformation." — Ming-Dao Deng
"Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity." — Og Mandino
"If you have to be in a soap opera try not to be cast in the worst role." — Judy Garland
"The heart wants what it wants - or else it does not care." — Emily Dickinson
"Only when I fall do I get up again." — Vincent van Gogh
"Nothing we see or hear is perfect. But right there in the imperfection is perfect reality." — Shunryu Suzuki
"If it entertains you now but will bore you someday, it's a distraction. Keep looking." — Naval Ravikant
"Where your talents and the needs of the world cross, there lies your vocation." — Aristotle
"If you can change your mind, you can change your life." — William James
"Winners are not people who never fail, but people who never quit." — Arnold Schwarzenegger
"A fool sees himself as another, but a wise man sees others as himself." — Dogen
"Confidence is like a dragon where, for every head cut off, two more heads grow back." — Criss Jami
"A minute's success pays the failure of years." — Robert Browning
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us." — J.R.R. Tolkien
"From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back. That is the point that must be reached." — Franz Kafka

===== 2025-08-28 =====
"The spirit is beyond destruction. No one can bring an end to spirit which is everlasting." — Bhagavad Gita
"Sometimes you have to shut your eyes, so you can see the real beauty." — Kilian Jornet
"Hope is important because it can make the present moment less difficult to bear. If we believe that tomorrow will be better, we can bear a hardship today." — Thich Nhat Hanh
"Success is achieved and maintained by those who try and keep trying. " — W. Clement Stone
"If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself." — Norman Vincent Peale
"Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment." — Buddha
"Life has more imagination than we carry in our dreams." — Christopher Columbus
"If you look for perfection, you'll never be content." — Leo Tolstoy
"You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway." — Steve Maraboli
"Great things happen to those who don't stop believing, trying, learning, and being grateful." — Roy T. Bennett
"Life is trying things to see if they work." — Ray Bradbury
"Happiness is only real when shared." — Christopher McCandless
"The measure of who we are is what we do with what we have." — Vince Lombardi
"What you seek is seeking you." — Rumi
"Everything is created twice, first in the mind and then in reality." — Robin Sharma
"Sometimes it is harder to deprive oneself of a pain than of a pleasure." — F. Scott Fitzgerald
"What people need and what they want may be very different." — Elbert Hubbard
"Inspiration exists, but it has to find you working." — Pablo Picasso
"Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude." — Colin Powell
"Wit is educated insolence." — Aristotle
"It isn't that they can't see the solution. It is that they can't see the problem." — Gilbert Chesterton

===== 2025-08-29 =====
"Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart." — Kahlil Gibran
"Giving back involves a certain amount of giving up." — Colin Powell
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goals." — Sydney Smith
"He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature." — Socrates
"Your success and happiness lie in you." — Helen Keller
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." — Henry Ford
"How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. " — Wayne Dyer
"If you read a lot of books, you're considered well-read. But if you watch a lot of TV, you're not considered well-viewed." — Lily Tomlin
"My guiding principle is this: Guilt is never to be doubted. " — Franz Kafka
"How to get more opportunity: Create more opportunity for others." — Jack Butcher
"Your work is to discover your work and then, with all your heart, to give yourself to it." — Buddha

===== 2025-08-30 =====
"Life is love and love is life." — Elvis Presley
"I've always lived in the moment." — Yanni
"To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little." — Criss Jami
"People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily." — Zig Ziglar
"Have a vision. Be demanding." — Colin Powell
"Happiness is a choice, not a result. Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy." — Ralph Marston
"What you do today can improve all your tomorrows." — Ralph Marston
"You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." — Marcus Aurelius
"The difference between winning and losing is most often not quitting." — Walt Disney
"In a world of change, the learners shall inherit the earth, while the learned shall find themselves perfectly suited for a world that no longer exists." — Eric Hoffer
"Every day do something that will inch you closer to a better tomorrow." — Unknown
"What keeps life fascinating is the constant creativity of the soul." — Deepak Chopra
"The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong." — Mahatma Gandhi
"You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. " — Henry Ford
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." — Aristotle
"You can suffer the pain of change or suffer remaining the way you are." — Joyce Meyer
"If you don't know where you're going, you will probably end up somewhere else." — Laurence J. Peter
"To bear trials with a calm mind robs misfortune of its strength and burden." — Seneca

===== 2025-08-31 =====
"Don't learn to do, but learn in doing." — Samuel Butler
"Excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude." — Colin Powell
"It doesn't matter how much you want. What really matters is how much you want it." — Ralph Marston
"Every night before going to sleep, we must ask ourselves: what weakness did I overcome today? What virtue did I acquire?" — Seneca
"The quality of your life is determined by the quality of questions you ask." — Tony Robbins
"There's no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love. There is only a scarcity of resolve to make it happen." — Wayne Dyer
"Just throw away all thoughts of imaginary things, and stand firm in that which you are." — Kabir
"It's not how much money you make, it's how much money you keep." — Robert Kiyosaki
"The sun is new each day." — Heraclitus
"Reality is the leading cause of stress among those in touch with it." — Lily Tomlin
"If you only knew the magnificence of the 3, 6, and 9, then you would have a key to the universe." — Nikola Tesla
"You're never too old for anything." — Betty White
"That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well." — Abraham Lincoln
"Desire for the fruits of work must never be your motive in working." — Bhagavad Gita
"When you are tough on yourself, life is going to be infinitely easier on you.  " — Zig Ziglar
"The only man who never makes mistakes is the man who never does anything." — Theodore Roosevelt
"Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece" — John Wooden
"When you're curious, you find lots of interesting things to do." — Walt Disney
"The single most powerful asset we all have is our mind." — Robert Kiyosaki
"It is the greatest of all mistakes to do nothing because you can only do little; do something." — Sydney Smith
"To be calm is the highest achievement of the self." — Zen Proverb

===== 2025-09-01 =====
"The more you lose yourself in something bigger than yourself, the more energy you will have." — Norman Vincent Peale
"You may think I'm small, but I have a universe inside my mind." — Yoko Ono
"It is useless to meet revenge with revenge; it will heal nothing." — J.R.R. Tolkien
"There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing." — Morihei Ueshiba
"Routine life is unbearable, and most people only think about how to escape into the world of fantasy and dreams." — Robert Greene
"What you resist, persists." — Carl Jung
"It is easy to love your friend, but sometimes the hardest lesson to learn is to love your enemy." — Sun Tzu
"Reversing your treatment of the man you have wronged is better than asking his forgiveness." — Elbert Hubbard
"Those who know, do. Those that understand, teach." — Aristotle
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. " — Lao Tzu
"Either you choose to stay in the shallow end of the pool or you go out into the ocean." — Christopher Reeve
"Fools resist. The wise embrace." — Maxime Lagace
"Troubles are often the tools by which God fashions us for better things." — Henry Ward Beecher
"The wiser you get, the less you care to look like a fool." — Maxime Lagace
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.  " — David Brinkley
"Real growth comes through intense, difficult, and challenging situations." — Kamal Ravikant
"All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It is in the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has." — Henry Ward Beecher
"We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey." — Kenji Miyazawa
"Life is ten percent what you experience and ninety percent how you respond to it." — Unknown
"The path is difficult to ensure worthiness. The lazy look elsewhere, The persevering find riches." — Ming-Dao Deng
"Truth is not something outside to be discovered, it is something inside to be realized." — Osho

===== 2025-09-02 =====
"Show me a hero, and I'll write you a tragedy." — F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Values are like fingerprints. Nobody's are the same, but you leave 'em all over everything you do." — Elvis Presley
"Every second you have on this planet is very precious and it's your responsibility that you're happy." — Naval Ravikant
"It is far easier to start something than it is to finish it." — Amelia Earhart
"There is no path to Happiness. Happiness is the path." — Dan Millman
"A little progress each day adds up to big results." — Unknown
"The unthankful heart discovers no mercies; but the thankful heart will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings." — Henry Ward Beecher

===== 2025-09-03 =====
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
"One of the first signs of the beginning of understanding is the wish to die. " — Franz Kafka
"If you truly love Nature, you will find beauty everywhere. " — Vincent van Gogh
"We cannot expect to be happy always... by experiencing evil as well as good we become wise." — Hans Christian Andersen
"All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions." — Leonardo da Vinci
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as if nothing is a miracle. The other is as if everything is a miracle." — Albert Einstein
"Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong." — Unknown
"You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him." — Audrey Hepburn
"There are no shortcuts to any place worth going. " — Beverly Sills
"Play your part in life, but never forget that it is only a role." — Paramahansa Yogananda
"Success is about creating value." — Candice Carpenter
"You have a brain and mind of your own. Use it, and reach your own decisions." — Napoleon Hill
"Success is nothing more than a few simple disciplines practiced every day." — Jim Rohn
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." — Colin R. Davis
"Would you rather learn to deal with the truth now than be forced to do so later on?" — Celestine Chua
"Unless someone truly has the power to say no, they never truly have the power to say yes." — Dan Millman
"The wiser you get, the less you care to look like a fool." — Maxime Lagace
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom." — Aristotle
"Life would be tragic if it weren't funny." — Stephen Hawking
"Waste not fresh tears over old griefs." — Euripides

===== 2025-09-04 =====
"Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. " — Confucius
"Sometimes out of your biggest misery, comes your greatest gain." — Steve Harvey
"That some achieve great success is proof to all that others can achieve it as well." — Abraham Lincoln
"Everything has beauty but not everyone sees it." — Confucius
"Life is too important to be taken seriously." — Oscar Wilde
"If you quit once it becomes a habit." — Michael Jordan
"Happiness is pretty simple: someone to love, something to do, something to look forward to." — Rita Mae Brown
"If you do not push the boundaries, you will never know where they are." — T.S. Eliot
"Insanity is relative. It depends on who has who locked in what cage.  " — Ray Bradbury
"It is passion that makes man live; wisdom makes one only last." — Nicolas Chamfort
"Your purpose will be clear only when you listen to your heart." — Lolly Daskal

===== 2025-09-05 =====
"To succeed takes more than the desire to win. It also takes the acceptance that we could fail." — Simon Sinek
"Failure is acceptable. Not trying is a whole different ball park." — Michael Jordan
"In nature there is no alienation. Everything belongs." — Ming-Dao Deng
"Believe nothing you hear, and only one half that you see." — Edgar Allan Poe
"Any game becomes important when you know and love the players." — W.P. Kinsella
"The road to success is always under construction.." — Lily Tomlin
"Art is the signature of civilizations. " — Beverly Sills
"Engage in those actions and thoughts that nurture the good qualities you want to have." — Paramahansa Yogananda
"The more reasons you have for achieving your goal, the more determined you will become." — Brian Tracy
"Men learn to love the woman they are attracted to. Women learn to become attracted to the man they fall in love with." — Woody Allen
"I cannot make my days longer so I strive to make them better." — Henry David Thoreau
"At every moment where language can't go, that's your mind." — Bodhidharma
"Your best life will not be found in comfort. It will be found in fighting for what you believe in." — Maxime Lagace
"The world is open for play, everything and everybody is mockable in a wonderful way." — Robin Williams
"You're on earth. There's no cure for that." — Samuel Beckett
"I don't ever give up. I'd have to be dead or completely incapacitated." — Elon Musk
"Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more. " — Nikola Tesla
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined." — Arnold Schwarzenegger
"In order for you to be the BEST you can be for others, first you must be BEST for yourself." — Jeffrey Gitomer
"Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing." — Helen Keller
"Be royal in your own fashion: act like a king to be treated like one." — Robert Greene
"It is better to be looked over than overlooked." — Mae West
"Growth is in a series of mistakes. That's the only way you learn." — Steve Harvey

===== 2025-09-06 =====
"Intelligent people make many mistakes because they cannot believe the world is really as foolish as it is." — Nicolas Chamfort
"It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them." — Epictetus
"I never said it would be easy, I only said it would be worth it." — Mae West
"If you don't like something change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude about it. Don't complain." — Maya Angelou
"Turn off your mind, relax, and float downstream." — John Lennon
"Always look on the bright side of things. If you can't comprehend this, polish that which has become dull until it begins to shine." — Zen Proverb
"Everything you look at can become a fairy tale and you can get a story from everything you touch." — Hans Christian Andersen
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." — Jim Rohn
"The secret of success lies not in doing your own work, but in recognizing the right man to do it." — Andrew Carnegie
"Zen insists that the whole trouble is just our failure to realize that there is no problem." — Bruce Lee
"Great minds are always feared by lesser minds." — Dan Brown
"The human mind defines things in relation to one another - without light the notion of darkness would be unintelligible." — Josh Waitzkin
"The mind can calculate, but the spirit yearns, and the heart wants what the heart wants." — Stephen King
"In order to carry a positive action, we must develop here a positive vision." — Dalai Lama
"Quality is not an act, it is a habit." — Aristotle
"You can't get to a place that you don't believe exists." — Unknown
"Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love." — Mother Teresa

===== 2025-09-07 =====
"All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream." — Edgar Allan Poe
"We can either add to our character each day, or we can fritter away our energies in distractions." — Ming-Dao Deng
"Life itself is the most wonderful fairy tale." — Hans Christian Andersen
"There is no path to Happiness. Happiness is the path." — Dan Millman
"Tradition is the illusion of permanence. " — Woody Allen
"A person is only by the thoughts that he chooses." — James Allen
"An intelligence test sometimes shows a man how smart he would have been not to have taken it." — Laurence J. Peter
"Although the world is full of suffering, it is also full of the overcoming of it." — Helen Keller
"Anyone telling you it's pointless to share your perspective is sharing their perspective." — Jack Butcher
"Get mad, then get over it." — Colin Powell
"The businessman's tool is value." — Ayn Rand
"A fear of weakness only strengthens weakness." — Criss Jami
"Peace of mind is that mental condition in which you have accepted the worst." — Lin Yutang

===== 2025-09-08 =====
"Fools talk, cowards are silent, wise men listen." — Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"If you're not failing every now and again, it's a sign you're not doing anything very innovative." — Woody Allen
"You drown not by falling into a river, but by staying submerged in it." — Paulo Coelho
"The time is always right to do what is right." — Martin Luther King, Jr.
"What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything? " — Vincent van Gogh
"The goal of an artist is to create the definitive work that cannot be surpassed." — George Bernard Shaw
"In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock." — Thomas Jefferson
"The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for." — Bob Marley
"The essence of the Way is detachment." — Bodhidharma
"If you cling to a certain thought with dynamic will power, it finally assumes a tangible outward form." — Paramahansa Yogananda
"Life is either a daring adventure, or it is nothing." — Helen Keller
"If you can't argue both sides, you can't argue." — Jack Butcher
"If you want to find the secrets of the universe, think in terms of energy, frequency and vibration. " — Nikola Tesla
"Forgive yourself for your faults and your mistakes and move on." — Les Brown
"The least deviation from truth will be multiplied later." — Aristotle
"The impossible can always be broken down into possibilities." — Unknown
"Life is the dancer and you are the dance." — Eckhart Tolle

===== 2025-09-09 =====
"It's just a bad day, not a bad life." — Mary Engelbreit
"You can often change your circumstances by changing your attitude." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"Positive thinking can be contagious. Being surrounded by winners helps you develop into a winner." — Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create." — Roy T. Bennett
"Who wishes to fight must first count the cost." — Sun Tzu
"Given the choice between the experience of pain and nothing, I would choose pain." — William Faulkner
"Thinking is a habit, and like any other habit, it can be changed; it just takes effort and repetition." — John Eliot
"Nothing gives one person so much advantage over another as to remain always cool and unruffled under all circumstances." — Thomas Jefferson
"Silence is the great teacher and to learn its lessons you must pay attention to it." — Deepak Chopra
"Where ever you are, you are one with the clouds and one with the sun and the stars you see. You are one with everything." — Shunryu Suzuki
"The Truth is realized in an instant; the Act is practiced step by step." — Seungsahn
"The birth of the mind is the death of the senses." — Dan Millman
"Yesterday is the past, tomorrow is the future, today is a gift - that's why it's called the present." — George Bernard Shaw
"He who knows best knows how little he knows." — Thomas Jefferson
"Some of your greatest lessons come from your darkest moments." — Roger Lee
"Life goes by very fast. And the worst thing in life that you can have is a job that you hate, and have no energy and creativity in." — Robert Greene
"Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"Without education, we are in a horrible and deadly danger of taking educated people seriously." — Gilbert Chesterton
"There is no medicine like hope, no incentive so great, and no tonic so powerful as expectation of something tomorrow. " — Orison Swett Marden
"You will have bad times, but they will always wake you up to the stuff you weren't paying attention to." — Robin Williams
"Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain." — Lily Tomlin

===== 2025-09-10 =====
"If no one ever broke the rules, then we'd never advance." — Simon Sinek
"Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart." — Lolly Daskal
"A golden cage is still just a cage." — Anita Krizzan
"How you think is as important as as what you think." — Unknown
"Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise man to be able to sell it." — Samuel Butler
"When you realize you've made a mistake, take immediate steps to correct it." — Dalai Lama
"Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go." — T.S. Eliot
"Wherever you are, it's the place you need to be." — Maxime Lagace
"Yesterday is the past, tomorrow is the future, today is a gift - that's why it's called the present." — George Bernard Shaw
"The strength of a wall is neither greater nor less than the courage of the men who defend it. " — Genghis Khan
"We are shaped and fashioned by what we love." — Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality." — Yoko Ono
"You are the sky. Everything else - it's just the weather." — Pema Chodron
"Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist." — Pablo Picasso
"Life is about accepting the challenges along the way, choosing to keep moving forward, and savoring the journey." — Roy T. Bennett
"You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!" — John Lennon

===== 2025-09-11 =====
"A person who does not read is no better than one cannot read." — Earl Nightingale
"If you put yourself in a position where you have to stretch outside your comfort zone, then you are forced to expand your consciousness." — Unknown
"Would you rather live your life according to the approval of others or aligned with your truth and your dreams?" — Robin Sharma
"Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout." — Morihei Ueshiba
"We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves." — Henry Ward Beecher
"It is children only who enjoy the present; their elders either live on the memory of the past or the hope of the future." — Nicolas Chamfort
"Make each day your masterpiece." — John Wooden
"True love stories never have endings." — Richard Bach

===== 2025-09-12 =====
"As one grows weaker one is less susceptible to suffering. There is less hurt because there is less to hurt." — Jack London
"Your world is a living expression of how you are using and have used your mind." — Earl Nightingale
"High thoughts must have high language." — Aristophanes
"The best way to understanding is a few good examples." — Isaac Newton
"Don't hate the player. Change the game." — Steve Harvey
"A man is literally what he thinks." — James Allen
"It is children only who enjoy the present; their elders either live on the memory of the past or the hope of the future." — Nicolas Chamfort
"True love stories never have endings." — Richard Bach
"Mind is the creator of everything. You should therefore guide it to create only good." — Paramahansa Yogananda
"We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible." — Vince Lombardi
"Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end." — Roy T. Bennett
"The merit of all things lies in their difficulty." — Alexandre Dumas
"Change yourself - you are in control." — Mahatma Gandhi
"If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem." — Richard Bach
"Winning isn't always championships." — Michael Jordan
"The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday." — Brian Tracy
"To forget the whole world is easy; to make the whole world forget you is hard." — Zhuangzi
"If you cannot understand something, then you have understood it incorrectly." — Kabir
"Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience." — Jiddu Krishnamurti
"We would accomplish many more things if we did not think of them as impossible." — Vince Lombardi

===== 2025-09-13 =====
"The secret of happiness is not in doing what you like but in liking what you have to do." — Sathya Sai Baba
"Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom." — Aristotle
"Within every desire is the mechanics of its fulfillment." — Deepak Chopra
"Happiness is only real, when shared." — Christopher McCandless
"The wisest men follow their own direction." — Euripides
"Sometimes good things fall apart so better things can fall together." — Marilyn Monroe
"You will face many defeats in life, but never let yourself be defeated." — Maya Angelou
"He is richest who is content with the least, for content is the wealth of nature." — Socrates
"Always dream and shoot higher than you know you can do. Do not bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself." — William Faulkner
"The fact of the matter is that there will be nothing learned from any challenge in which we don't try our hardest." — Josh Waitzkin
"Words are the clothes thoughts wear." — Samuel Beckett
"Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability." — John Wooden
"We think too much and feel too little." — Charlie Chaplin
"Success is good at any age, but the sooner you find it, the longer you will enjoy it." — Napoleon Hill
"A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it." — Dogen
"Logic is like the sword - those who appeal to it shall perish by it." — Samuel Butler
"We become brave by doing brave acts." — Aristotle
"You have as much laughter as you have faith." — Martin Luther
"Everything starts with a dream. A particle of our imagination that teases us of what the future could be like, as long as we fight for it." — Gurbaksh Chahal
"Know yourself and you will win all battles." — Sun Tzu
"We are like islands in the sea, separate on the surface but connected in the deep." — William James
"Leadership starts at the top." — Morgan Wootten
"Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free." — Stephen King
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." — Roy T. Bennett

===== 2025-09-14 =====
"FEAR has two meanings: 'Forget Everything And Run' or 'Face Everything And Rise.' The choice is yours." — Zig Ziglar
"No matter who you are, we're creatures of habit. The better your habits are, the better they will be in pressure situations." — Wayne Gretzky
"Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"What do we live for if not to make life less difficult for each other?" — T.S. Eliot
"The law of harvest is to reap more than you sow. Sow an act, and you reap a habit. Sow a habit and you reap a character. Sow a character and you reap a destiny." — James Allen
"The world is a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it." — Socrates
"Humor isn't for everyone. It's only for people who want to have fun, enjoy life, and feel alive." — Anne Wilson Schaef
"It is in the heart that makes a man rich. He is rich according to what he is, not according to what he has." — Henry Ward Beecher
"The man who asks a question is a fool for a minute, the man who does not ask is a fool for life." — Confucius
"If what you're doing is not your passion, you have nothing to lose." — Celestine Chua
"To be heroic is to be courageous enough to die for something; to be inspirational is to be crazy enough to live a little." — Criss Jami
"Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life. " — Wayne Dyer
"It is ignorance that causes most mistakes." — Harry S. Truman
"Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life." — Ayn Rand
"Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher." — Oprah Winfrey
"The human mind defines things in relation to one another - without light the notion of darkness would be unintelligible." — Josh Waitzkin
"Listening well is as powerful as talking well, and is also as essential to true conversation." — Chinese Proverb
"By going within. Nowhere you can go is more peaceful - more free of interruptions - than your own soul." — Marcus Aurelius

===== 2025-09-15 =====
"First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do." — Epictetus
"The first half of life is devoted to forming a healthy ego, the second half is going inward and letting go of it." — Carl Jung
"The essence of the Way is detachment." — Bodhidharma
"Time and health are two precious assets that we don't recognize and appreciate until they have been depleted. " — Denis Waitley
"Through discipline comes freedom." — Aristotle
"There is no such thing as a great talent without great willpower." — Honore de Balzac
"The most efficient way of rendering the poor harmless is to teach them to want to imitate the rich." — Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"Patience expands your options. If you insist on immediate gratification, your choices are severely limited." — Ralph Marston
"Our joy does not have to be based on our circumstances." — Joyce Meyer
"You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!" — John Lennon
"Never do things others can do and will do if there are things others cannot do or will not do." — Amelia Earhart
"Before anything else, preparation is the key to success." — Alexander Graham Bell
"There's no coming to consciousness without pain" — Carl Jung
"If you done it, it ain't bragging." — Walt Whitman
"No duty is more urgent than that of returning thanks." — James Allen
"Even the smallest person can change the course of the future." — J.R.R. Tolkien
"The fastest way to change is to laugh at your own folly." — Spencer Johnson
"It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them. " — Alfred Adler
"Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely." — William Faulkner
"Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise man to be able to sell it." — Samuel Butler
"No one can confidently say that he will still be living tomorrow." — Euripides

===== 2025-09-16 =====
"A wise man will be master of his mind, a fool will be its slave." — Publilius Syrus
"Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished. If you're alive, it isn't." — Richard Bach
"Self-knowledge is the beginning of self-correction." — Norman Vincent Peale
"If you focus on results and finding shortcuts, you'll get impatient. If you focus on the process and doing the right thing, you'll be unstoppable." — Maxime Lagace
"Make no small plans for they have no power to stir the soul." — Niccolo Machiavelli
"Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway." — Earl Nightingale
"You can never get enough of what you don't need to make you happy." — Eric Hoffer
"Don't worry about being successful, but work toward being significant and the success will naturally follow." — Oprah Winfrey
"The key to success is failure." — Michael Jordan
"Closing your eyes and listening to silence is self-care." — Maxime Lagace
"Wealth consists not in having great possessions, but in having few wants." — Epictetus
"Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action." — William James
"Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love." — Mother Teresa
"By changing nothing, nothing changes." — Celestine Chua
"A Hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles." — Christopher Reeve
"Curiosity is the most powerful thing you own. Imagination is a force that can actually manifest a reality." — James Cameron
"Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them, humanity cannot survive." — Dalai Lama
"There is always room in your life for thinking bigger, pushing limits and imagining the impossible." — Tony Robbins
"Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances. " — Herodotus
"As you grow older you will discover that you have two hands. One for helping yourself, the other for helping others." — Audrey Hepburn
"Nothing is permanent in this wicked world - not even our troubles." — Charlie Chaplin
"You have a brain and mind of your own. Use it, and reach your own decisions." — Napoleon Hill
"The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination." — Dan Millman
"Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life." — Ayn Rand

===== 2025-09-17 =====
"Silence is a source of great strength." — Lao Tzu
"There is only the one reality, neither to be realized nor attained." — Huang Po
"Everything begins with an idea." — Earl Nightingale
"In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on." — Robert Frost
"So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past." — F. Scott Fitzgerald
"Loyalty and friendship are the most precious possessions a man can have." — Herbert Hoover
"A bird does not sing because it has an answer. It sings because it has a song." — Chinese Proverb
"People spend too much time doing and not enough time thinking about what they should be doing." — Naval Ravikant
"Don't waste time on excuses. Just get it done." — Ralph Marston
"A man is literally what he thinks." — James Allen
"A lot of people have gone further than they thought they could because someone else thought they could." — Zig Ziglar
"Don't give up on your dreams, or your dreams will give up on you." — John Wooden
"It all depends on what you choose to believe." — Spencer Johnson
"What you are afraid of is never as bad as what you imagine. The fear you let build up in your mind is worse than the situation that actually exists." — Spencer Johnson
"Why compare yourself with others? No one in the entire world can do a better job of being you than you." — Unknown
"Better to have, and not need, than to need, and not have." — Franz Kafka
"Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength." — Sigmund Freud
"It's just a bad day, not a bad life." — Mary Engelbreit
"Force has no place where there is need of skill. " — Herodotus
"Whatever you are, be a good one." — Abraham Lincoln

===== 2025-09-18 =====
"You can often change your circumstances by changing your attitude." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you are not living each day with excitement, energy, and passion, then you are not living true to your life purpose." — Celestine Chua
"Do Something. If it works, do more of it. If it doesn't, do something else." — Franklin D. Roosevelt
"If you try to get rid of fear and anger without knowing their meaning, they will grow stronger and return." — Deepak Chopra
"Don't let someone elses. opinion become your reality." — Les Brown
"A fear-oriented man is always calculating, planning, arranging, safeguarding. His whole life is lost in this way." — Osho
"The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something." — Barack Obama
"It is up to each of us to sing as we feel moved by the overall song of life." — Ming-Dao Deng
"Life is much like going to the gym. The most painful part is deciding to go. Once you get past that, it's easy." — Robert Kiyosaki
"It's your life-but only if you make it so." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step." — Lao Tzu
"A man, as a general rule, owes very little to what he is born with - a man is what he makes of himself." — Alexander Graham Bell
"Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person you become." — Jim Rohn
"Nothing like a health problem to turn up the contrast dial for the rest of life." — Naval Ravikant
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." — Helen Keller

===== 2025-09-19 =====
"Everything eaten is killed. Every meal is a sacrifice." — Adi Da Samraj
"Never let your memories be greater than your dreams." — Doug Ivester
"20 percent of your activities will account for 80 percent of your results." — Brian Tracy
"Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful." — Thich Nhat Hanh
"If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done. " — Bruce Lee
"If anything is worth doing, do it with all your heart." — Buddha
"Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength." — Eric Hoffer
"Be happy now, without reason - or you never will be at all." — Dan Millman
"In any moment of decision, the best thing you can do is the right thing. The worst thing you can do is nothing." — Theodore Roosevelt
"Natural talent only determines the limits of your athletic potential. It's dedication and a willingness to discipline your life that makes you great." — Billie Jean King
"If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading." — Lao Tzu
"Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves." — James Matthew Barrie
"You have the freedom to be yourself, your true self, here and now, and nothing can stand in your way." — Richard Bach
"Yesterday is the past, tomorrow is the future, today is a gift - that's why it's called the present." — George Bernard Shaw
"Success is the child of drudgery and perseverance. It cannot be coaxed or bribed; pay the price and it is yours. " — Orison Swett Marden
"Educating the mind without educating the heart is no education at all." — Aristotle
"The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart." — Robert Greene
"Show kindness but never expect it. Show authenticity but never expect it. Only the wise are indifferent to things they can't control." — Maxime Lagace

===== 2025-09-20 =====
"Find the game where you can win, and then commit your life to playing it; and play to win." — Robert Kiyosaki
"Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"Everyone faces challenges in life. It's a matter of how you learn to overcome them and using them to your advantage." — Celestine Chua
"Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get." — W.P. Kinsella
"Small men think they are small; great men never know they are great. " — Chinese Proverb
"Do it with passion, or not at all." — Rosa Nouchette Carey
"The most important thing in life is to stop saying 'I wish' and start saying 'I will'. Consider nothing impossible, then treat possibilities as probabilities." — Charles Dickens
"It's your life-but only if you make it so." — Eleanor Roosevelt
"Every day passes whether you participate or not." — Ming-Dao Deng
"It is under the greatest adversity that there exists the greatest potential for doing good, both for oneself and others." — Dalai Lama

===== 2025-09-21 =====
"Never fear quarrels, but seek hazardous adventures." — Alexandre Dumas
"He is not a lover who does not love forever." — Euripides
"Words are like Leaves; and where they most abound, Much Fruit of Sense beneath is rarely found." — Alexander Pope
"Waste not fresh tears over old griefs." — Euripides
"The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us." — Voltaire
"A man is great not because he hasn't failed; a man is great because failure hasn't stopped him." — Confucius
"Sometimes adversity is what you need to face in order to become successful." — Zig Ziglar
"If you want more luck, take more chances." — Brian Tracy
"The moment you stop to think about whether you love someone, you've already stopped loving that person forever." — Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"Out of your vulnerabilities will come your strength." — Sigmund Freud
"How to get more opportunity: Create more opportunity for others." — Jack Butcher
"Play your part in life, but never forget that it is only a role." — Paramahansa Yogananda
"Your neighbor is the man who needs you." — Elbert Hubbard
"Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow know what you truly want to become." — Steve Jobs
"There is always risk, so learn to manage risk instead of avoiding it." — Robert Kiyosaki
"Live simply, expect little, give much." — Norman Vincent Peale
"It's very important to like the people you work with, otherwise life and your job is gonna be quite miserable." — Elon Musk
"Where there's life, there's hope." — Stephen Hawking
"The quicker you let go of old cheese, the sooner you find new cheese." — Spencer Johnson
"Happiness is a gift and the trick is not to expect it, but to delight in it when it comes." — Charles Dickens
"One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power." — Tony Robbins
"It's OK to have your eggs in one basket as long as you control what happens to that basket." — Elon Musk
"A tiger doesn't lose sleep over the opinion of sheep." — Shahir Zag
"No great mind has ever existed without a touch of madness." — Aristotle
"The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear." — Jiddu Krishnamurti

===== 2025-09-22 =====
"If he cannot stop the mind that seeks after fame and profit, he will spend his life without finding peace." — Dogen
"If you want to achieve anything in this world, you have to get used to the idea that not everyone will like you." — Simon Sinek
"A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step." — Lao Tzu
"Simplicity is the glory of expression." — Walt Whitman
"Life should be touched, not strangled.  " — Ray Bradbury
"I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing." — Herman Melville
"Conscience is a man's compass. " — Vincent van Gogh
"Your business is not to 'get somewhere' - it is to be here." — Dan Millman
"Arise, slay thy enemies, enjoy a prosperous kingdom." — Bhagavad Gita
"Remember we're all in this alone." — Lily Tomlin
"Great thoughts speak only to the thoughtful mind, but great actions speak to all mankind." — Theodore Roosevelt
"A comfort zone is a beautiful place, but nothing ever grows there." — Unknown
"Intelligent people make many mistakes because they cannot believe the world is really as foolish as it is." — Nicolas Chamfort
"The guest will judge better of a feast than the cook." — Aristotle
"All things come into being by conflict of opposites." — Heraclitus
"The only thing more frustrating than slanderers is those foolish enough to listen to them." — Criss Jami
"Love is the energy of life." — Robert Browning
"Patience is a form of wisdom. It demonstrates that we understand and accept the fact that sometimes things must unfold in their own time." — Jon Kabat-Zinn
"Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone." — Roy T. Bennett
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." — Roy T. Bennett
"Hope and fear come from feeling that we lack something; they come from a sense of poverty." — Pema Chodron
"We're responsible for everything that happens to us." — Yanni
"We will outstretch the hand if you unclench your fist." — Barack Obama
"To know your Enemy, you must become your Enemy." — Sun Tzu

===== 2025-09-23 =====
"Creative endeavors are by their nature uncertain." — Robert Greene
"Success is about doing the right thing, not about doing everything right." — Gary Keller
"Dreams are for dreamers. Goals are for achievers." — Arnold Schwarzenegger
"A tiny change today brings a dramatically different tomorrow." — Richard Bach
"Do not pray for an easy life, pray for the strength to endure a difficult one.  " — Bruce Lee
"Yesterday is the past, tomorrow is the future, today is a gift - that's why it's called the present." — George Bernard Shaw
"Strategy without tactics is the slowest route to victory. Tactics without strategy is the noise before defeat." — Sun Tzu
"Be content with what you have, rejoice in the way things are. When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you." — Lao Tzu
"Cherish forever what makes you unique, cuz you're really a yawn if it goes." — Bette Midler

===== 2025-09-24 =====
"You must conceive it in your heart and mind before you can receive it. If you believe then all things are possible." — Norman Vincent Peale
"Truth is exact correspondence with reality. " — Paramahansa Yogananda
"True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks. " — St. Jerome
"Life is a journey, not a destination." — Dan Millman
"It is truth that liberates, not your effort to be free." — Jiddu Krishnamurti
"A man is but a product of his thoughts. What he thinks he becomes." — Mahatma Gandhi
"The seasons do not push one another; neither do clouds race the wind across the sky. All things happen in their own good time." — Dan Millman
"Create with the heart; build with the mind." — Criss Jami
"The swift wind of compromise is a lot more devastating than the sudden jolt of misfortune. " — Charles Swindoll
"By words the mind is winged." — Aristophanes
"Your heart is full of fertile seeds, waiting to sprout." — Morihei Ueshiba

===== 2025-09-25 =====
"How much pain they have cost us, the evils which have never happened." — Thomas Jefferson
"Reality is the leading cause of stress among those in touch with it." — Lily Tomlin
"In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity." — Albert Einstein
"The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination." — Elbert Hubbard
"True prayer has no set form." — Morihei Ueshiba
"Those who attain the middle Dominate the whole." — Ming-Dao Deng
"Don't be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone." — Unknown
"There is no significance in life without struggle." — Lolly Daskal

===== 2025-09-26 =====
"The less you respond to negative people, the more positive your life will become." — Paulo Coelho
"Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more." — Mother Teresa
"Don't let someone elses. opinion become your reality." — Les Brown
"The only defense against the world is a thorough knowledge of it." — John Locke
"To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest." — Pema Chodron
"It is easy to love your friend, but sometimes the hardest lesson to learn is to love your enemy." — Sun Tzu
"People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents." — Andrew Carnegie

===== 2025-09-27 =====
"One loses many laughs by not laughing at oneself." — Mary Engelbreit
"Take responsibility of your own happiness, never put it in other people's hands." — Roy T. Bennett
"Truth will always be truth, regardless of lack of understanding, disbelief or ignorance. " — W. Clement Stone
"When you win, say nothing, when you lose say less." — Wayne Gretzky
"Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create." — Roy T. Bennett
"Do not regret the past. Look to the future." — Soyen Shaku
"Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible." — Dalai Lama
"A wise man makes his own decisions, but an ignorant man mindlessly follows the crowd." — Chinese Proverb
"Your heart is the size of an ocean. Go find yourself in its hidden depths." — Rumi
"Even if you're sure you can win, be careful that you can live with what you lose." — Gary Keller
"When you stop questioning, you stop learning." — Lolly Daskal
"Work harder on yourself than you do on your job." — Jim Rohn
"Acknowledging the good that you already have in your life is the foundation for all abundance." — Eckhart Tolle
"You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are!" — John Lennon
"It takes a minute to have a crush on someone, an hour to like someone, and a day to love someone... but it takes a lifetime to forget someone." — Kahlil Gibran
"Just trust that everything is unfolding the way it is supposed to. Don't resist... Great things are waiting for you around the corner." — Sonia Ricotti
"A man has to learn that he cannot command things but that he can command himself; that he cannot coerce the wills of others but that he can mold and master his own will." — James Allen
"Human beings believe just as they breathe - in order to survive." — Carlos Ruiz Zafon
"Success is not the result of making money; making money is the result of success - and success is in direct proportion to our service." — Earl Nightingale
"If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it - teach yourself." — Gurbaksh Chahal
"The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work." — Richard Bach
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." — Thomas Edison
"Life is really simple, but men insist on making it complicated. " — Confucius

===== 2025-09-28 =====
"The worst part of success is trying to find someone who is happy for you." — Bette Midler
"Far more crucial than what we know or do not know is what we do not want to know." — Eric Hoffer
"No matter what happens in life, never lose sight of who you are." — Yanni
"The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings." — Eric Hoffer
"We ourselves feel that what we are doing is just a drop in the ocean. But the ocean would be less because of that missing drop." — Mother Teresa
"Confidence breeds beauty.  " — Estee Lauder
"One's best success comes after their greatest disappointments." — Henry Ward Beecher
"Peaceful is the one who expects nothing." — Maxime Lagace
"When you know what you want, and want it bad enough, you will find a way to get it." — Jim Rohn
"Truth will always be truth, regardless of lack of understanding, disbelief or ignorance. " — W. Clement Stone
"People who are unable to motivate themselves must be content with mediocrity, no matter how impressive their other talents." — Andrew Carnegie
"Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing." — Helen Keller
"Change will not come if we wait for some other person, or if we wait for some other time." — Barack Obama

===== 2025-09-29 =====
"Don't be afraid to stand for what you believe in, even if that means standing alone." — Unknown
"Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of someone else." — Judy Garland
"Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself." — Andrew Carnegie
"A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step." — Lao Tzu
"The mind that turns ever outward Will have no end to craving. Only the mind turned inward Will find a still-point of peace." — Ming-Dao Deng
"All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. " — Albert Einstein
"To arrive at the simplest truth requires years of contemplation." — Isaac Newton
"Through selfless service, you will always be fruitful and find the fulfillment of your desires." — Bhagavad Gita
"Good entrepreneurs don't fail because they stay at it." — Naval Ravikant
"Truth is such a rare thing, it is delighted to tell it." — Emily Dickinson
"Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever." — Roy T. Bennett
"The only difference between success and failure is the ability to take action." — Alexander Graham Bell
"Dreams are the touchstones of our characters." — Henry David Thoreau
"an action committed in anger is an action doomed to failure. " — Genghis Khan
"Being a good example is the best form of service." — Sathya Sai Baba
